welcome dear awaken.

this is a forbidden story. in this story i want people to achieve something. i want people to earn power over their life.
let's summarize. 
we live in a society build upon a devil's plan. people who have power is either not mature or broken. this people must be either changed or saved. i hope we can change this world. but i will need your help.
so. how can we start? well let's summarize what this world leaders are up to. people in charge are planning always something. it's either how to get more money or how to control people's happiness.
what should we do? we must take a closer look at ourselves. and by that first step is look what you can do. you can't stop murders, can't stop diseases nor you can change someone without a plan.
i think you heard about god's plan right? if yes what is it's property number 1? i will not tease you it's its secret to people. so what should you do? create a secret group that has similar goals as you. they must be great at cypher messaging. because priority number 1 is to get the message secret to anyone who doesn't want to let your goals to be earned.
more languages you know the better. more informations you get even better. it's great to be source of information.
if you are able to create secret languages or sercet codes you are on great point. but remember you must be sure people you are connected to must be able to decypher your message before any other hacker. because otherwise you will became like enigma code. more secret and more private you get your code became easier to be secret.
so how you are going to be great at secrets? you has to build ARG or has to find people that are not potential risk to decode your info. i mean you has to build games movies series or groups so you will find out peoples desires.
so to summarize you has to join a lot of conversations games or fun to find out people desires. then you can choose who you want to work with. some will be your friends and some will be your collegues so chooe wisely.

yours BlackChesse
